We began the weekend by forming a team and getting a general idea. Once we settled on using the Spotify API to try to do
some sort of user analysis or track comparison, we had to figure out how we were actually going to do that. A lot of us
had Python experience, so that felt like a natural choice for the backend, but we had practically zero front-end
experience. At that point, we decided to go to office hours to try to figure out how in the world we could visualize
everything once we got to that point.

The first thing we wanted to try was React because it seemed like a lot of the mentors really wanted to shill for that.
That worked on us for a bit and we were totally convinced we were going to learn React and somehow connect that to our
Python backend. Eventually, we got a lot of our help from Sanders (for the back end) and Alex (for the front end).
Sanders helped us through a lot of the initial learning process of the Spotify API and Alex spent probably two hours
answering our questions about using Python Flask and Boostrap to have an integrated front end and back end framework.
Not to speak for the rest of my group, but I don't think I've ever felt so overloaded with information in such a sort
time span and my brain was legitimately fried by the end of that.

After sleeping on that, we immediately narrowed in on the idea we wanted and then split into our respective teams to
learn more about these tools we had never used before in our lives. On the front-end end of things, we quickly realized
we had no idea what were doing after looking at Tri's Figma prototype (actually zero chance we could make something as
nice looking as he envisioned) and trying to copy-paste a Flask/Bootstrap tutorial. We tried office hours again and
Nabeel basically gave us a crash course on using HTML and how templates were actually Flask feature and not an HTML
feature. I think most of the HTML we wrote in that session ended up in our final project. For the back end, we were
able to a working Flask app and an almost working json production function (I'm not really sure Rachel and Thomas
they did it, most likely magic).

At this point, Jacob and I had a hard-coded HTML page and a couple of Python pieces, so we started trying to use some of
the HTML Flask features to make it a bit less hard-coded. We kinda struggled through that a lot because it turns out we
had the wrong file format ("psa json files arent strings" - Thomas). The three of us went to more office hours and
Christina and Yugo walked us through producing something with a proper json format and using git on the command line.
Also shoutout Christina for somehow getting us to do the right things completely blind and dealing with a mute
(as in my mic crapped out two hours before that and screenshare hates us).

Now, we had pretty much a working project. You launch the webapp, log in to your Spotify account, and it would tell you
some stats of what you share in common with the Top 50 in the US. Now, we decided to pivot and try making it compare
your last month of listening to your last year of listening. I personally had been staring at a laptop screen for like
12 hours straight at this point (very illegal), so I kind of fell asleep while that happened, but I woke up and it
looked great, so yeah good job team we did good. We learned a bunch about using APIs, making Flask apps, making HTML and
templates, and connecting front and back end components. There's probably not much in the future of spotiFYE, but it
would've been nice to get a progess bar that actually worked correctly every time and maybe add in some new modes of
comparisons (but that would require front end sending information to back end which seemed too big of a scope
for a weekend).

--Jay